.TH "tcli" "1" "12 May 2015" "" ""

.SH NAME
tcli - myFSI CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBtcli \fR [ \fB\fI<commands>\fB\fR ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
tcli is a Command Line Interface (CLI) for the Trident server daemon (tridentd).
It allows access to the Trident commands by issuing HTTP requests.
.PP
All commands are shown when providing the 'help' command as an argument.

.SH "LOGGING IN"
.PP
To execute most commands one has to be authenticated to the Trident daemon.
One can accomplish this by executing:
.B "tcli system login <username> <password> [TFA-token]"
.PP
This causes the
.B system login
command to be sent to the Trident server, which then acts upon.
If successfully logged in, a JSON Web Token (JWT) is stored in
.B ~/.myfsi_token
.

.SH "SESSION MAINTENANCE"
.PP
Each time an authenticated command is executed the JWT is sent along
as proof of authentication. When the JWT is about to expire, the server
automatically will send a new JWT that is expiring further in the future.
.PP
As such, when no commands are executed before the JWT expires, the JWT
automatically becomes invalid.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.TP
.B TRIDENT_TOKEN
If
.B TRIDENT_TOKEN
is set, it is used as the filename where the JSON Web Token is stored.
Default the token is
.B ~/.myfsi_token
.
.TP
.B TRIDENT_SERVER
If
.B TRIDENT_SERVER
is set, it defines the URL of the server to access. This allows remote CLI
access to a Trident installation. ACLs are required to be configured
properly serverside for this to function.
The default is
.B http://127.0.0.1:8334
.
.TP
.B TRIDENT_VERBOSE
Setting
.B TRIDENT_VERBOSE
to anything but empty or 'off' causes tcli to become verbose and
report on the HTTP request/response used to execute the requested command.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
The Trident Website <URL:https://trident.li>.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
Trident was re-written from scratch by Jeroen Massar based on the original Ops-Trust Portal code by Paul Vixie, Ben April, Chris Morrow and Jeroen Massar.
